- RYAN: Gemaal Sheik Charrief.
One of the most dangerous warlords
in the country.
He commands a heavily armed militia...
Using it to control several
important districts in the city.
Which means none of our humantarian aid
is getting through.
You have to find Gemaal
and eliminate him.
He relocates twice a day.
Last time we pinpointed him
was at the Zenakhi Hotel, which is right here.
Not much of a chance he's still there but
it's as good as place as any to start looking.
You'll be on your own this mission.
No direct engagement with the enemy.
No back up.
You identify and eliminate your target and activate
your GPS becon so we can extract you.
We need to get you out before sun rise
so don't waste any time.
The last American soldier
that was captured here...
...was pulled through the city
behind a jeep.
They found his head.
One of his legs in the fishing boat.
I wouldn't recommend it.
- JODIE: I'll be back
before they even realise what's happened.
- RYAN: Watch yourself out there, Jodie.
I don't want anything to happen to you.
- JODIE: Don't worry.
I won't be alone.
- RYAN: Good luck, Jodie.
- JODIE: (GASPS)
- RYAN: No direct ### with the enemy.
No backup.
- JODIE: Check if there's no soldiers around, Aiden.
- SOLDIER: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(DISTANT EXPLOSION)
- RYAN: Last time we pinpoint him
was at the ### hotel, which is right here.
- JODIE: See if you find anything.
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
Great. Now let's go.
(VEHICLE APPROACHING)
Get rid of them!
- SOLDIER: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: The ### hotel.
They've gone.
The ruin cathedral.
They're near the ruin cathedral.
That one's not far from here.
Should be easy to find.
- SOLDIER: Huh?
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: The cathedral.
From where did I see in my vision.
(ENGINE STARTS)
They came here.
I know where they are.
(GROANING SOUND)
- BOY: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: Easy!
You're wounded.
I just wanna help you.
I'm gonna come towards you.
D-don't shoot me, okay?
He's lost a lot of blood.
He's gonna die if I don't help him.
- BOY: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: Sorry, I don't understand
a word you're saying.
- SALIM: Salim. Salim.
- JODIE: Your name is Salim?
- SALIM: Salim.
- JODIE: Jodie.
I'm...
Jo... Jodie.
- SALIM: Jodie?
- JODIE: Yeah. Yeah, Jodie.
- SALIM: Jodie... Jodie.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
- JODIE: Oh shit!
Looks like we have some new friends.
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Aiden, I need you now!
Come on.
We gotta get outta here
before more show up.
(PANTING)
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: It's okay.
That's okay.
I'm alright.
We make a damn good team, don't we, Salim?
Sun is rising.
It's gonna make it tough to not be seen now.
The tower.
The tower's over there.
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: That's where I need to go.
- JODIE: What have I got to lose?
(GUNSHOTS)
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: No choice.
We're going straight through.
Stay close, okay?
Quick, help me!
(GUNSHOTS)
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: Alright, go ahead. Climb.
Get rid of them.
Take it slow, Aiden.
We're trying to get by
without being noticed.
- SOLDIER: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: They didn't see us.
Are you okay, Salim?
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: This is where we have to go
our separate ways.
I must go.
Do you understand, Salim?
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: I'm sorry, but you can't come with me.
You're really brave, Salim.
Some day...
This is all gonna be over.
And you can just go back to being a kid.
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: Geemal is around here somewhere.
I don't have much time.
That's it.
Gemaal's here.
Okay now find a place close to the house
where I can take cover.
You know what you have to do.
Find Gemaal, Aiden.
That's him.
That's Gemaal.
I won't be able to get close enough.
You're gonna have to do it, Aiden.
Salim?
Shit!
What's he doing here?
If he stays outside, he should be alright.
Good.
Now find a weapon.
I've got to do it.
Orders are orders.
The guy's got blood on his hands.
He deserves to die.
Come on, I can do this.
I can kill him. I can kill him.
Come open the door for me.
I need to confirm that Gemaal's dead.
Hurry.
Salim?
- SALIM: (SPEAKS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: Oh my god.
He's your father?
- SALIM: (SPEAKS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(GUNSHOTS)
(SPEAKS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(CROWD SOUND)
- JODIE: Fuck.
Fuck, we gotta get outta here.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Eagle Five!
Require an immediate extraction. Do you read?
Confim extraction!
Fuck!
Fuck it! Fuck!
(GUNSHOTS)
- RYAN: Come on.
Let's get you outta here.
Ten years in the CIA,
never seen anything like it.
Boss sends his own private ### to get his agents back.
All the top brass are crazy about you, Jodie.
You and I, of course.
Jodie.
You okay?
Listen.
I know this one was tough.
But it's over. We're going home.
It's just another mission accomplished, right?
- JODIE: I'll never forget what I saw back there, Ryan.
Never.
- RYAN: How's your leg?
- JODIE: Better when the painkiller kicks in.
- REPORTER: (VIA TV)
And the international community...
...has just announced since official recognition
of the election of the new president Gemaal Sheik Charrief
- RYAN: Gemaal Sheik Charrief.
One of the most dangerous warlords
in the country.
- REPORTER: And now, sources report...
...that he and all his government...
...were assassinated in what appeared
to be an unclaimed attack.
- RYAN: You have to find Gemaal
and eliminate him.
- REPORTER: Hopes were high...
...that the newly recognised
president Gemaal Charrief...
...would be able to put an end to the hostilities
that have ravished his country for many years.
A number of war leaders
have already expressed outrage.
And what appears to be nothing less
than a cold blooded execution.
- RYAN: You have to find Gemaal
and eliminate him.
- SALIM: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- JODIE: You lied to me!
- RYAN: What are you talking about?
- JODIE: Gemaal wasn't a warlord.
He was the president.
He was the democratically elected president!
- RYAN: Your point?
We're not politicians, we had our orders.
- JODIE: You knew I wouldn't have murdered him!
So you lied to me!
- RYAN: Welcome to the CIA, Jodie!
It's not fucking quite a practise in case you haven't noticed.
Now we had a job to do and we did it, end of story!
- JODIE: This might be just
a fucking job to you...
Okay? But I don't go around killing people
'cause some four-fucking-star general tells me to
- PILOT: What's going on?
- RYAN: Jodie, listen listen...
You calm down!
Alright, we'll get back ###
we can talk about it, okay?
- JODIE: You're manipulating me!
You used me to do your dirty work!
- RYAN: What difference does it make, Jodie?
He was a dead man walking
with or without you!
- JODIE: I HAVE BLOOD ON MY HANDS!!
Some kid lost his father because of me!!
BECAUSE I TRUSTED YOU!
Because I trusted that
we were doing the right thing!
What am I to you, Ryan?
A toy?
Some fucking puppet that you can just do
whatever you want with?
- PILOT: We're getting massive turbulence!
- JODIE: Fuck!
- PILOT: I can't... I can't control it!
- RYAN: Jodie, for god's sake,
you're gonna kill us!
- JODIE: No one's ever gonna
lie to me again, Ryan.
- RYAN: Jodie!
Fuck!
- JODIE: (SOBBING)
- NATHAN: Nathan Dawkins.
- JODIE: They used me...
...to kill those people.
- NATHAN: Jodie?
What happened?
- JODIE: I didn't know. I didn't know.
I was just doing what I was told.
- NATHAN: Where are you?
Is Clayton with you?
- JODIE: No... No.
No, no, I ran away.
- NATHAN: You can't run away from them.
They'll hunt you down and they'll find you!
You gotta come in, Jodie.
We'll talk. I'm sure they'll...
- JODIE: It's over, Nathan.
###
You tell them...
...that if they try to find me, I'll kill them.
- NATHAN: Jodie, listen...
- JODIE: Tell them, Nathan!
I'll kill them.